This is the Command Center, the first screen your network hands you.
p02
It looks like a wall of numbers. It isn't.
p03
It's a triage board, stacked top to bottom.
p04
Read the stack in order, and the thing that needs you rises to the top.
p05
First panel, the mobile app.
p06
That Live tag means the figures move on their own, refreshing as members open the app.
p07
You're reading its pulse right now, not a report someone ran this morning.
p08
For a network pushing an app, this is the first read on whether members actually use it.
p09
Four cards across.
p10
Installs, weekly actives, redemptions, opt-in rate.
p11
Linger on redemptions: it splits Q-R scans from kiosk taps,
p12
so you see whether members cash in at the phone or at the machine.
p13
That split tells you which channel is carrying the program.
p14
Scroll to the map panel.
p15
The heading counts the whole network: a hundred forty-four sites across seven states.
p16
That color key beside it, healthy, warning, critical, is the same key the pins use.
p17
Once you know the key, the map tells you where to look without reading a single label.
p18
Down the left, four vitals.
p19
Money in today, who's active, cars through the tunnels,
p20
and the share of card charges that bounced.
p21
That last one, the decline rate, is what a support tech watches closest,
p22
because a climbing decline rate usually means a billing problem, not a slow day.
p23
Now the map itself.
p24
Every pin is a wash, colored by health, so a red dot is a site in trouble at a glance.
p25
Hover one and it shows that site's revenue, members, and tickets, with a link to open it.
p26
Not today, though. We're reading the network, not diving into a single site.
p27
Click Active States, then Full USA.
p28
The map reframes, and that's all it does.
p29
This toggle is view-only.
p30
It changes the shot, never the data, and never the panels below.
p31
One click puts it back.
p32
Here's the heart of the page.
p33
Priority Intelligence, eleven items, four urgent.
p34
It's your triage feed, sorted by severity,
p35
and every row is a door onto the module where you'd actually fix it.
p36
For a support tech, this is the panel you scan first.
p37
Top of the feed, Critical.
p38
Two rows, and this is where a downed P-O-S shows up first, before the phone even rings.
p39
Open jumps you to reconciliation to work the outage.
p40
Review drops you into Support for the tickets about to breach their S-L-A.
p41
Next tier, High Priority.
p42
A kiosk printer down, a site's conversion slipping.
p43
Not on fire yet, but they will be if they sit.
p44
Watch the verbs shift: Assign hands the work off, Analyze opens the numbers behind it.
p45
Now the money.
p46
Revenue Plays, five suggestions worth thirty-two hundred dollars today,
p47
each tagged with what it's worth.
p48
Read them as prompts, not orders.
p49
Launch, Target, Recover, those fire real outreach to real customers,
p50
so on a live tenant you look, you don't press.
p51
Last group, Automations.
p52
Two jobs already running with no one steering,
p53
a win-back text sequence and the payment retry engine, quietly clawing back failed charges.
p54
Inspect and View check on them without touching a thing,
p55
which is just what you want with something already working.
p56
One habit ties this panel together.
p57
Read the arrow before you click.
p58
Open, Review, View, those take you somewhere to look.
p59
Launch, Target, Recover, Assign, those start something.
p60
Read arrows are safe.
p61
Action arrows you leave alone here, on a shared live tenant.
p62
To the right, Action Ownership.
p63
Same items, now answered by who owns them and when they're due.
p64
Regional Ops on the outage within the half hour, Support on the aging tickets,
p65
Marketing and Revenue on the plays.
p66
It answers the question a manager always asks: whose job is this.
p67
At the bottom, Ask MAIA.
p68
Five plain-language shortcuts, each jumping straight to the module that answers it.
p69
Worth flagging: the header button reads Ask Shyne, this panel reads Ask MAIA.
p70
Two names, so we don't tell a client they're one feature yet, and we send neither one today.
p71
Scroll back up, and you've got the whole board.
p72
App engagement, the network map, the priority feed, who owns what, and a shortcut to ask.
p73
Five panels, one screen.
p74
Read it top to bottom, and never click an arrow until you know which kind it is.
p75
Do that, and the Command Center works for you, not against you.